Gus Hansen all of my hands 
translational invariance: “a pattern is interesting no matter where I find it in the image” e.g. an ear in the top left corner is just as interesting as an ear in the bottom right corner
representing nodes as rectangular data: you have n nodes with k features, then you have an NxK matrix…
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uF53xsT7mjc
represent edges as an adjacency matrix, in this case we are always displaying our data in a rectangular format 
i guess tensors (in TF) are so commonly used because the store of information should be raw numbers, manipulating data to get them into tensors is important because than you can do meaningful computations that are probably optimized
the talk delves into eigenvalues, positive semidefinite, laplace and fourier transforms… I need to learn these basic concepts to understand more, but this dude is incredible at explaining things - at their heart, these things arent actually that hard to understand… especially when I compute them myself
this graph structure of GNN reminds me of like HMM
25 plate with Nordic strap for tib 
Predict final score of a single team given their stats and the opponent defense stats, then when comparing two teams just choose the team that has a higher predicted score as the classification 
Dragon squat pulses for butt 
And standing hip raises 
cloudacademy 
I’ve learned matrix/linear algebra at least 2 times, but duck it in going to try it again, this time I am the teacher (for myself) so I get to choose the curriculum, and I am the student. First things first, let’s look at practical applications, break them down, see how they use matrices, and after decomposition let’s learn these atomic principles and ideas so that we can build the system from scratch again!
Let’s decompose the computer, understand what each part does, so we can build one ourselves
Insert more SQL cards, sql problems, more interview prep less research, kaggle ML course (I have the project idea on my own for ball), write about what data I would want that I don’t have and how I would go about getting it (second spectrum), I need to read the basketball analytics book, SEI modules 
DECODE TEXT MESSAGES (data dump... automate this process? Have a key message that I break the search, remove duplications, write text to a .txt file, then manually move stuff (sometimes I act in messages that are in the queue)
Push to GitHub, write about the process...
Need to do quantum...
Tattoo...
Look at a hinge data set (for nlp)
With image input 
look into creating a table of contents that allows you to navigate and logically group things together in a jekyll website - good for me because it forces me to construct the overarching structure of the post
Look at stratascratch raw data into database... I want to create the db from python, and not touch the db at all with my pgadmin
Look into liquidity for options - I want to be able to buy them so I need to know that people are selling them 
Build Reddit WSB scrapper, then buy out of the money options 
The scraper should give a sense of what starts with you and talk about most and then someone will have to go in and read about that stuff already
Stick on Reddit 
Also pull liquidity on the stock for options 
this always pulls daily (x amount of times a day) good to see sentiment change
what do we use RSE for? to score regression models (like RMSE)
Look into houses in Puerto Rico
Get raspberry pi to send requests, clean, and insert dar rather than my computer
SEI certification, AWS certification
Also think about teaching and basketball - I waste too much time 
build some visualization mental map for things i need to learn -> data science interview prep (SQL, Projects), AWS + Database storage and data engineering stuff, baseball project… physical… there are too many things to keep track of
draw out process flow for WSB scraping + storing + analyzing 
value iteration example - good for learning how to document code in blog, good for my own understanding. Simple example blocks/maze -> finite actions, states are “squares” each state has a “reward, location, successor_state”… draw out this logic before writing anything
“Here’s what I know: if someone’s much better than you at something, they probably try much harder.”
"Here’s what I know: if someone’s much better than you at something, they probably try much harder. You probably underestimate how much harder they try. I’m not saying that talent isn’t a meaningful differentiator, because it certainly is, but I think people generally underestimate how effort needs to be poured into talent in order to develop it. So much of getting good at anything is just pure labor: figuring out how to try and then offering up the hours. If you’re doing it wrong you can do it a thousand times and not produce any particularly interesting results. So you have to make sure you’re trying the right way.”
https://ava.substack.com/p/effort
"I think a lot of people want to be but they don’t want to do. They want to have written a book, but they don’t want to write the book. They want to be fit, but they don’t want the tedium of working out. They’re ashamed of rejection and they’re ashamed of imperfection. I might want lots of people to subscribe to this Substack, but do I want to workshop a post every day? Donna Tartt once said in an interview that if the writer’s not having fun the reader isn’t either. I think people make the best things when they love the process, when they willingly shoulder the inherent uncertainty and pain that comes with it. It’s almost like a form of prayer: you offer up what you can even though the reward is uncertain. You do it out of love.”
"The biggest change in my professional maturity came when I became Actually Responsible for things. Not in the sense of “if there’s a mix of dashes and em-dashes in this powerpoint deck someone will get mad”, which characterized my early career, but “if someone doesn’t fix this problem soon, we’ll get to go looking for new jobs”.” at what point do I know I am ready - when should I take on a ton of responsibility
Play around with Hugo + what Gokus does so that I can write and put code segments in easily, then I can write things on my own + link a GitHub repo at the end 
But I’ve done here is great in the sense that I haven’t thought about it at all I guess it would be nice to make more but to go out and buy things and buy an Airbnb and everything about it I know you’re positive and saving is all you really want I guess I still care for more but this is like what I would want to do
Excuse me the freedom to do it ever I want degenerates I’m going to make this about a year would be fucking incredible
I would allow for need to go moving around
Add cards for vesting options and Schein’s company 
Staggered KOT squat walks 
Milk beer and fruit
Pick up line, funny gif, or being asked out 
Was doing some atg squats without excess butt squeeze and no clicking in the knee...
And Cossacks 
਀倀氀愀礀 愀爀漀甀渀搀 眀椀琀栀 眀栀愀琀 爀攀琀甀爀渀猀 愀 猀攀爀椀攀猀 愀渀搀 搀愀琀愀 昀爀愀洀攀℀℀℀
mess around with what functions return a series vs value vs df for pandas (like using count or group by and sum…)
what is some data science project that people would want - people enjoy lichess, it is free and easy to play and dope. What can be done for something data science related?
talk to Gabe, Philippe, Theo, Max, more of a open source free community service teaching project or something that accepts donations - not a legit startup
and Dean
Friends are interesting - the group of people I was friends with in school were not conducive to good work habits nor were they good for learning data science and ml because no one else was interested or motivated to learn the subject too. Except for people like Schein, I should have spent more time around him 
here’s the issue with learning a react in 7 days -> there is so much too it and the architecture is the hard part to learn… you can learn the syntax but not the structure in such a short period of time
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5lWN-kLeiaA&list=PLK_4CTbufxYTeOYluA46Ky_4C9Tz8DFY-&index=5
pretty interesting video about thinking… if the hand were to end at 4 cards out who would win… the point being how much should you make someone pay who is chasing a hand (eg a heart or straight which would beat you but at the moment they have nothing)… not only that based on how someone has bet, what hand must have they had at the previous card in order to have called a bet
And add Tim for good vibes 
write some simple code snippets - like my GLOP function or my ValueIteration function… explaining what happens at each step and use the graph thing to give a better understanding for people reading
Even write something on classes…
rather than being told how to make an object, write about why I had to use one and how I designed it and how you could do something similar for other problems
Here is what I should be doing weekly - writing about what I learned that week from coding for deloitte (e.g. writing some function to do something, learning about environment, git commands, aggregate everything I learned from a week) and write a post about it explaining it to someone who was in my position and didnt know (so write it to me from a week before who did not know what he was doing!). This is a good way to start trying to explain things to others, understand things better myself, and just put content online to show people when I am trying to apply for a job
https://www.alisa-in.tech/post/2021-01-18-de-project/
in this case, I honestly do not know how qualified alisa is, but she seems qualified because she is sharing information… I can be doing the same easily… I do not need to write big pieces, sometimes just small tracking (which I would then be able to look back on and refer to easily)
I am basically refactoring and cleaning up code and explaining it after doing it for deloitte
a nice open source thing 😊
Why do people like biographies - we do like seeing peoples lives but these are more factual things than Instagram stories 
https://youtu.be/IKw0lkmBHNI
https://youtu.be/Y6175TGFuMI
Like goal context switching: what I think is important changes when I’m with different people and when I’m just by myself 
Write “Inspiration” before delving further into writing
Jot down ideas, but only write about 1 thing, just one, for 45 mins a day 
Happy Camper wrigglyville
￼
Ekster wallet 
Software architecture thing... message body weight warrior and ken jee about oura and do some reading myself 
Find a place to play and teach chess in Chicago... find a school to teach kids (a subject and build software for them!... 3blue1brown visual library)
Also... do software course ON MAC
Tattoo 
For outcome in trans(swing) and then do take... if get_successor(outcome) = hit... qval += tran(...)(outcome) else ... * state-Val, if out then ignore 
use debugger to walk through state vals and understand why they do not converge
Nordics
Do EDA on baseball 
is it possible to be productive when we sleep - can we “recall/remember” certain things like I would actively review anki cards
write about life, it’s purpose life being to short to be a corporate pawn. social media what are we trying to optimize. what is it like to not be close to friends for an extended period of time, how far do you grow apart? Probably a function of how much time you’ve known that person. if people could leave and do yoga would they? or do people look down on yoga instructors/zen people.
￼￼￼￼
how does one add value to the world, how does one leave the world better than when they came in? investing in stocks… what good does that provide people (it does help retirement funds and planning), but you are not creating value for people like making door dash or having a restaurant that serves people…
the environment in which you grow up also matters so much… having money and support vs. not is crazy different. I think academics back in the day (1800s) had rich parents and then were allowed to study and work on problems, that no longer seems to be the case. its a mix of like theoretical research and making something practical out of it that generates moeny
your environment growing up defines “success” and life aspirations, like I know in kentucky and alabama and texas there are these massive “balls” and parties, there is an interesting etiquette that i do not understanding relate to or care for… but this is the same case with people embracing nature others just do not even think it is a possibility 
make straight/bent arm/leg stuff… stretching goals (all in notion), lotus, bent leg Blanche, crow, crane, handstand, headstand, tripod, better nordics and atg stuff, dragon, kot squats, peterson step down, splits, pancakes, upper body stretching (cannot do pike pushups for shoulder), bent leg front lever/lats, cartwheel
^also consult insta to add to the list
exploration exploitation, life isn’t just an RL algorithm - our environment could change in a second (covid kills everyone! climate change fucks everyone!)
Too much Alc, coffee, gelatin 
https://drsquatch.com/collections/colognes
Benedryll 
CNN creates swing_scoring
Do tib raises with band that just goes around both feet for less time lol
SilkoBrush
Message Andy about physical vs mental memory
Goals - lotus stretch 
Get benedrull and put in backpack and wallet (Walgreens/cvs)
ATG squats, pulls/pushs 
Saxx boxers 
Maybe you judge the restive weight of a stat based on the future outcome, but you don’t know the future outcome until it happens, could you have a HMM thing?
Text Laura 
Could I have a key error where the zone an AccuracyMatrix is obvious zone and so foul doesn’t exist for obvious zone and it’s only ball right I should have some non-obvious zones that have a ball percentage
would be fun to make the cheapeast/best documentary… so using cheap cameras and mics that are still great/tripods, etc…
specificity, generalizability (specific is better but not scalable), scalability in TECH and the US GOV, what happens when you have built something so big and large and it not longer is the best option… what do you do?
can ankify certain blockchain information i should know!
Data processing architecture... raghavand
Reach out to all AppArch people vía Skype...
Do handstands straddle decline 
make videos/podcast that just talks about open ended questions that I have (eg learning… how do we learn… problems with sports stats, why can we consider some stats equal… memory… where do we store physical vs 'mental’ memories… computation… is it possible that our brains do not compute things in a classical manner? we are built of atoms could we be hybrid quantum/classical computing devices?)
how would i graph my own bezier curve(visually appealing)
result of over-internalizing the heuristic that if a viewpoint seems clever and contrarian then it is likely to be correct.
is peer to peer betting possible on Ethereum blockchain… better odds for people, no betting limit, even though gambling is just beginning to become legal is the future in a completely different location?
ML-DataScience/Quatum Computing/PredictionMarkets & Blockchain (ETH)
Also Computation/SWE & Python Principles
ToDo look into augur data -> look at other blockchain prediction markets vs non blockchain prediction markets 
put SQL information from courses into Anki cards…
Learn more about window/analytic functions, date time manipulation and comparison 
Iterate through swing scoring if key from swing scoring in accuracy matrix then multiply scoring in zones by accuracy
If not then just do nothing returned that zone
theory and understanding the concepts behind models is important, but honestly the most important thing is having the tools to play around with. Learning how to use these tools so that you can discover what is effective is important - this means learning how to query specific data, cleaning things in python, learning the language is important
ToDo:
-Visualize some shape transformations. We like to rescale and normalize data, what transformation maintain the shape of the original data, which transformation change it? Subtracting by the min and dividing by a number will maintain shape, but taking the log will change the shape
-Mess around with running some statistical tests on data sets. Run my own permutation tests and other parametric tests
Instagram ads for like games: the ads show people trying to solve rather trivial puzzles (the ropes game, color water bottle filling game, ball hitting blocks game) in the wrong or not satisfying way. They do it and the person knows from watching the ad that they can do it better than then person in the ad - I wonder what the different conversion rate is for doing something well or poorly in the ad 
Brick out was name of ball hitting blocks 
figure out subscriptions: i.e. rock climbing and kinstretch
￼Is this add even physically possible - I started trying to do it on my own so it was a good ad 
Get in lunge then do soleus calf raise to stretch my left big toe 
Or just play with reaching my big toe back and forth while lying down  
Watching rain in the pool while it’s warm is cathartic what’s the purpose of Instagram and snap stories
Think about exclamation crowd population and if people help each other is it too late
Holding breath under water 
straight arm stuff, shower - morning routine in chicago?
what is the purpose of getting verified!?
learn to taxi whistle and do the bird whistle
write every morning - crappy ideas in a notebook? writing for my site?
alo purple shorts with grid pattern
Work: project, SEI, year end accomplishments, recruiting 
Pastel pocket T
Why is google maps so bad at estimating time when there is an accident? Generally when there is no traffic they are right (historic average). It’s not like you can take an expected value because an accident occurs or it doesn’t. The distribution of accidents must be Wildy different and have enough variation that makes prediction hard. What other conditions might make estimating time given an accident so hard?
Build/recreate all SQL questions in my own personal postgresdb,.. good because I would have to practice inserting and fetching data and using actually tools rather than using some else’s!
